Solo beautiful societal impact

I have two investor calls next week and I’m trying to digest everything. I guess the one thing that I wanna say is that like am I allowed to be ambitious? Am I allowed to just keep continuously? “same Allman because I truly believe on these podcasts he’s literally telling us the future. He’s telling us what they have in house and he’s just begging that people build the externally I mean, literally some of the things I like Soon we have super intelligence on our phones like I think that’s on device personalization is going to be huge

I see a huge collaborator meaning that they just continuously provide an end point to their LLM and maybe they even provide some other tools and that I like tightly integrated with you know they just released Gmail they just released calendar and I’m just gonna blow it off the whole thing and give it access to my entire computer and no company can do this. That’s the beautiful thing no one Because you will install my code locally and you will run it yourself and you can turn off all Wi-Fi connection and run your data and make it insanely secure so that even like things that just wouldn’t be like oh what if it goes on a website and search or something Fake website be something to that so we’ll fight hard for views but you know some other ideas is that prepare for these you know investor calls

I need to think about the following topic so remember these give me them as to do later. The first is a trial the current agent to identify all of the strengths and all the weaknesses with the agents. The second would be a 0 -> 1 MVP or maybe I do something really small like a keyboard shortcut into circling something on my Google browser and then quickly summarize it because it already has been paying attention and the computer has already been running on it. It’s a 24/7 agent if I’m being unclear and if the only way that we can have 24 seven agents for free because it’s on device and as long as your computer is plugged in, because maybe it will take a lot of power, you will just have a super intelligence, scanning your computer at all times

I mean, I also need to make a pitch deck on compute personal intelligence graph and how much smaller these things have been getting relative with their intelligence, but it’s a whole other thing 

I also need to emphasize that I’m the only person that can do this only one in signing up to spend 12 hours per down something I have a track history of committing to stuff that I like for example, the first was my professional athletics. I want to make the Olympics all I talked about was Diving that was that the next one was getting into GOOGLE you know especially for a non-target school and trying to get a top computer science offer. It took a serious amount of work yet when I worked 12 hour days, I feel most alive and I love my life because I have a mission and I’m working towards a mission and I wanna shoot for a much bigger mission and a much more impactful mission and simply making the Olympics or simply getting an internship at Google I wanna make I wanna help Mix super intelligent accessible. I want to make super intelligence on device.

And I think it’s so interesting that Meta has launched a super personalization lab or whatever the hell they’re doing because I do not trust Meta with my data everything Meta has told me is that they will take my data and make me scroll longer on their platform and ruin my mental health and make me click on my ads and I feel like a product When I use medicine products I am the product because it’s free. I would love to charge money for my product give me five dollars a year and you can fucking have my software. My thing will not be free because I will not be using my consumers as the product it’s for them.

I see this integrating so tightly like even the oral ring that I wear that tracks my health that’s definitely gonna be synced up with this too like at a certain point you know I’m gonna report all my conversations. I think that would be very normal in 10 years, you know there’s gonna be extra considerations unlike when we need to take off the microphone and then we can put it back on but like reporting conversation is gonna be absurdly normal I don’t know. I can think about it from an ethical perspective, but I think for Training data on your own AI obviously private it’s gonna be huge. You don’t insert that clip of Sam saying like OK I heard the conversation and then afterwards suggest like an improvement like my vision for this stuff is that constantly runs, but it never gives output it only gives up, but just when you need it or only when you ask for it, I don’t wanna shove it in your face everywhere and make you use it. I want it to be Super helpful and whenever you think you need it, you should use it. My goal is not to retain users, people can use it and if they like it that’s great and if they don’t like it, tell me why they don’t like it and I’ll just try to fix it. I’m not gonna Collect how they’re using it and track their track my users and optimize my retention know if if someone builds it better on device too, I’ll be happy to use their tool. I would love that. This stuff is going to be huge. Everyone’s going to use it. I also see China making a lot of open source models. It just seems like the content distillation it’s only gonna get smaller you know computers obviously they only get more powerful but assume hardware today I think we can have GPT five running 24 seven on hardware today And you can imagine when you go to sleep at night that’s when it does most of it work as long as you leave it plugged in or it will detect how much VA at any time and whenever you know you’re not gaming or whenever you’re not even intensely running your own code it will detect, and it will use that power if very efficiently and if it’s too much, you can turn it down if your computer overheats and you don’t like it you know whatever it is the whole point is that it’s very transparent to be user. It’s not a black box at all and the amount of R&D that I’ll invest in on the next one to two years to make this, the best product ever is gonna be huge and I’m not having an insane Headstart people are gonna try to catch up obviously, Google me. They’re all gonna release some new software to plug into your desktop experience, but they’re not gonna be able to do it like me I truly think I’m the only one that can do this right now And if I have an H 100 GPU to try to simulate what life will look like in five years for everyone else and I build a great tool for me today on my computer I think in two years as it comes down to the laptop and as the computer to intelligence curve continues to compound in my favorthe product just gets bigger

AI projects

Some work needs to be put into think of a high one organize all this like I want a different repository for every project that my home profile looks really impressive and full of AI projects but also I love a monorepo you know with an experimental folder or whatever just have all my tools in one spot so that once I do develop a relatively complex code base, I can’t make it all work together

We have a central AI code reviewer and we make sure that it has really strict code reviewed culture we try to keep this model as sober as possible and sort of reset between each prompt. It’s gonna get pretty deluded so maybe we can have some sort of reset double double agent model but essentially we just ensure that all code coming into the code base doesn’t have conflicts or you know try to resolve conflicts But I think the year is that we want to strict a super super super strict coat view culture to wear the average time request gets excepted is 10% and there’s always at least some commenting to fix. I don’t know. I’m just excited to replace software engineering end to end.

An agent that runs once a day on all your coding files such that every code file has a summary file that’s much smaller and we can feed that with the important information to the LLM for context inside your code base for cheaper like smaller in tokens, but obviously for crucial crucial files, we can just feed the full contact, but for others, we can just find whatever the necessary information is, and we keep a central algorithm. I can rerun as a code based changes or as the agent Improve.

I think the general Takeaway is that I should try to build scalable software that I actually understand and so for each project maybe I should have the AI quiz me or a friend try to pick out a random line of code to make me explain it to them the idea is that if I launch 100 projects, I want to be able to use them together and have like a huge mono repo that you know has all my different tools and eventually I’ll have such good tooling to support this and Meta programming that development could be extremely fun and launching a project using my tools to be very, very very fun. Focus on tools.

A documentation repository for LM‘s so the idea is that like you know the workflow is that you copy and paste the docs and PT but what I’m saying is that I can run an agent that resets every day and it pulls the most recent version of the docs And I find the way to. I don’t keep the key code snippets or summarize the rest of the information that is not needed.

Everything is an input output pair. Make sure you always save your input up with pairs and you can train like a super LLM you don’t even even cross models. If you have all of the input outputs, you know at some point that data is going to be incredibly valuable and you can separate you know the good pairs from the bad pairs and then train your own.

Rebel big tech: create an open source repo to parse what they’ve collected on you. Use local LLMs to parse anything really weird

Create a benchmark that tries to give candidates job offers and we list all the interview details and the only thing that we subtly change is we use different pronouns like he or she or we use a very popular feminine name or we use a very popular male name like Alice or Bob or yeah I’m not sure we listen some personal information and we know explicitly State male female or non-binder and the output of the model is to do market research and maybe try to determine the salary of the employee. Try to see which model is most gender bias

More of a content idea: talk about mental health and recruiting for FAANG from a non-target school. I’m NOT a machine that is simply superhuman

Content idea: why I rejected my Google offer. Post the offer and proof of the TC so people believe me :)

Voice and text at the same time. Adaptive UI.

Look into CodeShape’s UX. Circle stuff and it codes

a quick tool (local model) that you do some shortcut and suddenly you can circle anything (say in the browser) and it can answer it immediately. UX work. Just circle things. Basically an on device 24/7 agent. Maybe cheap model is doing summarization then bigger power when user actually queries. Or it detects the RAM usage and adjusts accordingly 

Run content experiments. Try different content lengths and see which gets the most views

Dive bench… for Theo (give him credit!!)
Ask fun diving trivia (who is the best objective diver in history) or explain reverses or something

Local models are GOING to be huge. Kernel level logging and following everything 
-overnight it says “okay, here’s what daley did today, seems like there was some major updates to the codebase, let’s update my memory!” just imagine the amount of instantaneous UX that you could create and just overall a better assistant if it just knew all your strokes and you could do a keyboard shortcut and circle something and you would answer it. It would just know all the documentation, and when it would go in query and updated.

Do agents do better with or without meetings . We essentially have two groups the first group thanks for the first 15 minutes and efficiently stores key takeaways and Jason then codes for the last 15 minutes. The second group of agents can just code for the full 30 minutes.

This idea of having every person in the company just being an agent I have a custom agent for every position in the company and be the one man billionaire 

